I see.
You're good.
You're a good man.
You're good at work.
You're not going to work?
I see.
I'll work hard.
Ouch!
You're annoying.
You're not going to work?
You're not a chicken.
Show me your hair.
You did it with this?
You're an idiot.
I'm sorry.
You did it with this?
I'll do it next time.
Don't worry.
I won't let you say it.
You're an idiot.
You're the best in the world.
You're a good man.
You're an idiot.
When you do this,
grab the hair of the bottle,
put your strength in it,
and put it in.
You're a good man,
but you can't put strength in the bottle.
You have to be patient.
When you do this,
you're like,
you did it with this.
You did it with this.
You're aiming for this gap.
You're like,
you're not going to get your spirit out.
You're afraid your hair will go around.
You're scared you won't get your spirit out.
You're aiming for this gap.
You're afraid your hair will go around.
Kota,
look at me.
Look at me.
What?
You're a fool,
but you're going to be a researcher.
You're looking at me.
You're an idiot.
You're a scholar.
You can't look at me.
Look at me.
Look!
Ouch.
I shouldn't have done this.
I did it.
I shouldn't have done that.
Kota, you're the one who's saying this.
Ouch.
It's my head.
I can't reach it.
I'm going to get hit by your head.
I'm going to get hit.
What?
I hit you with my teeth.
I thought I was going to get hit.
I'm bleeding.
It's funny.
What's wrong with you?
Don't worry.
The End